dear brothers
came
Christmas post
preparation
nativity
and how are you
so during this period
Advent
we naturally they missed
4 st
your heart
through your consciousness
whether this understanding is great
which
accomplished
secrets
which is incomprehensible
to humanity
but which
the leader is seen
and successor
a heart
and here to get close to this
the mystery of Christmas
melting the incarnation of the son of God
and
established
Christmas
it includes of course
abstinence
in food
because abstinence in food
helps us
own interests and needs
a little bit
audi umbrella
move them
second plan
and
think in the corners of the floor
focus she
on
Volga News
Christmas post
time of the allegedly state budget
at that time
committed from the party
in the prophets
those rights that
at the same time they informed the coming of the world
son of god
the prophet around
turn on the street
great-grandson of law and in Russia
prophet daniel
about traffic jams
images
sermon
predictions
prophecies and
tense waiting
the coming of the son of god
selecting what helps us when we
get acquainted with the devices
when we get to know life
like the days of waiting for the coming into the world of the son
god
it is for us to diligently check
on
but
helps us to touch
secret
introduction in france of the holy virgin
soon
this is the beginning of christmas
fasting is always
on which already
sings asad
chants which we also wait
Christ is born
Christ on earth
meet
that's all we set up
on
touch
skating
christmas
and
all who need to do so
to accept
thanks
it is important that
for us
cooking
checking his holiday
technically cooking
yes for cleaning vegetables
on the fishing side
Christmas tree decoration is also
but that it does not make sense because the most
important
our club
in the christmas post of course
peasants
bye kids
find time to
focus she
of life
in his
publication in their
prepare for the sacrament
inscrutable
bring repentance
pretext
predecessor
christoph
and her
generally
on the table
you should always try to be as much as possible
them more often
on falcon
divine service
because
only so complex is the ball of the divine
only now
texts boys that are read
which will go
Yes indeed
helped
canvases
to touch
embodiment
god
resident a
holy misses
if u will see on
in the book of memory
it's not always possible to be time to change
we honor at home
the life of the holy prophet read the prophecies
Here I am like what he is
for content
Who are they
christmas
of this
great
preparing for it
on the table